Format: Blu-ray|Verified Purchase3D of this movie is just amazing, good depth, sharp details and immersive experience as expected from grand movie production like this. But most people judge 3D movies wrong because they are not watching the way it meant to be watched at home. After few months of 3D experience on my LG 47" 3D TV, I came up with few points to enjoy 3D movies the way they are filmed. You need following things to have best 3D experience ever:1) Big screen 3D TV (passive 3D recommended) 47"+ recommended. Bigger the screen, immersive will be experience. If you have 3D projector, you are lucky!!2) Dark dedicated room for TV OR watch 3D movie at night with all lights turned OFF in room.3) You need to sit at least 5-6 feet away from TV (my personal observation for 47" TV), no more far from that. Smaller TV screen, closer you need to sit. And you may need to adjust your chair/recliner/sofa the way when you sit, you get maximum view of TV screen and not things around TV. It is mindset of people that you need to have large hall (living room) to have bigger screen TV or you notice pixels when seen from close. It is wrong perception of people mostly because people watch low quality content like SD channels or low quality downloaded videos on their Full HD (or 4K) big screen TVs. But if you watch any movie original Bluray OR video file which high bitrate close to original bluray, it doesn't matter from how far you look at your TV screen. You won't notice a single pixel. So it doesn't matter how close you sit to near to your TV, as long as you and your eyes are comfortable with it.4) Keep TV's brightness settings at optimum level and don't mess around 3D settings of TV. If you are not getting best 3D effect, you may have already messed up the settings which you may need to reset to original.5) If you wear prescription glasses, make sure you wear them underneath those 3D Goggles. Because if your vision is not clear without prescription glasses, you won't get good 3D effect too.6) If you are watching 3D movie with subtitles turned ON, then turn it OFF immediately. It hampers your 3D vision. If you are having hard time understanding movie without subtitles, then watch movie twice one with ON just to understand movie and one without to Enjoy the movie.7) And last but not least, invest in good home theater system. 3D experience is only 50% effective without good quality audio (at least 5.1 channel) supporting it.
