Got this game for just 240 rupees in the lightning deal. Yeah, better than what Steam is offering! And that too before expected time, great job Amazon.As I got the game just today, I'll focus only on the Steam aspect:-You have to have a steam account, it's free.-But to activate it, you have to put some money in the steam wallet (don't worry, the money will remain in your account, won't go anywhere and you don't have to pay anything extra after buying the game). I guess you can put any amount you want but am not sure. I put a dollar and it worked fine for me.-Since this retail version is 2014 package, you have to download a very huge update of exactly 5.5 gb. No more, no less. You cannot play this game without this update.These do seem to be the downside but it's at least better than buying the game on steam for the following reasons:-Currently it costs $14 there. Too expensive.-Even if you buy from Steam, you'll have to download the entire game which is well over 10 gb (even over 15 gb I guess). So it's better to buy the cheap retail cd as it already has half of the game. That ways, it won't eat away your entire internet data pack.I've uploaded a pic of how your steam account will look after installing the game. The great news is you can install it any number of times on any other laptop or pc system. This cd will also run on a mac! Just be sure that you install steam first and login into your account before installing it on another system.So, hope this solves all the questions you had reading all the reviews given here. You have to sacrifice something but it's better to buy this game here to save as much internet as possible.You can play single player but it gets really repetitive. So please try multiplayer.Will update on the game soon as I'm done playing it for hours! :)Update: The game is mind-blowing. Played for hours and couldn't stop, my God! It's extremely improved version of the original CS, with rich dialog work, nice environmental touches (eg: chickens run around in some of the maps), multiple approaches to our objective... In addition, there's a tool that allows you to make your own maps, or so I've heard. You can make your own maps using the Steam Workshop eventually when you get bored of the game. In addition, you can download other players map for free from Steam! There more than a hundred thousand of these things. There's absolutely no limit to this game!
