"Did I ever tell you, the definition of... insanity?"From the moment you start playing this game you realize that the world is not a sweet good place that you hav always believed it to be. And this feeling goes on getting stronger as the game progresses till the end.Even the most good & gentle people have to wear the cloak of insanity when it is required for survival & revenge.Jason (main protagonist) & his friends, along with his siblings, are on a trip to Rook islands. They are misguided by a spotter onto an island filled with pirates & smugglers, who kidnap wealthy people, extorts money from them & then sell them to slavery or sex trafficking.Once caught by the pirates & wathibg his family killed by the pirate overlord Vaas before his very eyes, changes start occuring in Jason. Given a chance to escape he slowly learns to use the island & it's powers to his advantage.Hunting, killing & collecting bounties help him get stronger, maniac for power. In the end he finds out that he himself has become the very person he had set out to slay! But he has a choice.Be sure to experience this crazy adventure pf psychological changes!Technical aspects:1. There are lies by people who have given 1, 2 stars. They either never played good fps games before or never know how to install them. NO 5-6GB download is required.2. You need good internet connection to install the game. Ubisoft account is must required if you are playing for first time. For that the game installs a "ubisoft launcher".3. After the game is installed a 250mb upgrade patch has to downloaded from official website. (The link opens after installation.) You can download it before too & install it later in the main folder. Without it you will get glitches. Other patches are optional.4. After installing the patch you can definitely play it offline by selecting "offline" mode in the ubisoft launcher menu.5. If you are uninstalling the game, make sure to copy the patch installations in different folder, in case you want to play the game in future. 'Cuz uninstalling the game deletes the patch installation file too.
