Just a few weeks back from its release I had stumbled upon just cause 3's trailer. Since I was completely oblivious to the series, I checked it out. Surprisingly , it blew my mind with its awesome visual appeal and mind boggling stunt sequences!Coming to the game, just cause 3 looks like a fantasy come true of action fanatic directors Michael Bay and Rohit Shetty. The game world is set in a Mediterranean island, Medici which is spread across whooping, jaw dropping and panting 400 square miles of area! Rico Rodriguez's job in this world is to destroy the military bases of general Di Ravello and end his dictatorship.In order to succeed, Rico flies (and walks on) jets and helicopter , drives everything from a tractor to a classy F1 car, rides a rocket conveniently and glides across the sky like a hawk with its wingsuit and a parachute ( which actually needs some time to get used to ). It makes one feel like a superhero crafted out of spider man and bat man which is absolute fun when mastered. Just cause 3 does full justice to its beautiful massive world when it comes to travelling from one point to another. One can merrily glide across seabed , forests and mountains. Entering into combat mode is an absolute pleasure as the beautiful world can be slaughtered and turned into a debris with extremely loud and radiant explosions . It's usp is the freedom that it offers to a player rather than dictating terms of accomplishing something. Say if you wish to blow up a tower? Nose dive a plane into it or blow it up with a tank. Your choice. Want a helicopter to buzz off? Smash it into the ground with tethers or latch on to it and throw the driver out and take control! Your choice ! Most of the action in the game takes mid air while gliding and you can easily blow up guys while airborne . 'Stealth ' is not to be found in Rico 's dictionary . The open world is full of challenges such as skydiving , racing , bombing etc. Which offer you upgrades after completion. This adds another variety to game play.Where just cause 3 disappoints is its short storyline. It is not even a fraction of the size of its open world. When I finished the campaign in 1 week, I was like THAT'S IT?? Nor The voice acting and neither the side characters impress much . Also , somewhere down the line, the massive open world certainly entertains you with its beauty but does not charm you enough to leave a lasting impression. Imagine a world which is stuffed with forests , mountains and seabed which are only meant as a playground for you to glide across but does not offer you anything more than explosions and race courses to make them iconic. It certainly feels incomplete . And last but not the least. It seems like the game is not optimized nicely for the PS4. It runs at 30 fps in normal conditions but when you jump into action and things heat up with explosions, tanks and helicopters , the frame rate drops to 20 fps. In a couple of cases I have even noticed 5-10 fps which left me fuming! It should not be happening on such a powerful console.Overall, just cause 3 is an absolute entertainer. It knows how to laugh at itself and how to provide non stop hours of action and thrill. If you are one who wants a break from stealth based games which are full of dark and gore theme. This one certainly breaks the cobwebs and gives a chance to live your wild fantasies to the fullest.7.5/10
