I'm playing at low settings on my laptop having config :-a) Core i3-330M 2.13Ghzb) 4 GB RAMc) ATI Radeon HD 5450 1 GB with 675 MHz clock speedPros:1. Highly optimised game engine (FOX engine) & almost bug free. Works flawlessly even on old PC configurations having graphics card or apu.2. Highly replayable as game's AI adapts to counter your playing style.3. Photo-realistic world particularly with lighting & characters even on low grahics settings.4. You can go sneaky as James Bond or blast in as Rambo. You're not forced to follow a playstyle except during boss battles.5. Incredible innovative gameplay unlike any other shooter games + one can tackle missions in multiple & also funny ways.6. Character animations with lip sync & cutscenes are far superior than in Witcher 3.Cons:1. World is empty & smaller than Witcher 3 or Just Cause 3. It's nowhere as artistic & rich as Witcher 3.2. Missions are mostly infiltration based. Can get you bored if you play too long.3. Main story is short with hardly no stories for side missions. Witcher 3 has epic stories in almost every mission.4. Mother Base has virtually no purpose except for Forward Online Base events.5. Sometimes the player can't even climb over small rocks & ledges which is ridiculous but frustrating when you're running away from attacks.6. D-Horse is not easy to manoeuvre & Quiet can only be used at certain points on the map.Conclusion:If you love shooting, don't bother about stories, have an old PC or a fan of stealth games, then folks ! this is it....N.B. :1. The disc comes only with 8 MB Steam online client installer. Game + full Steam client needs to be downloaded.2. Download size - a) game = 20.5 GB, b) Steam client = 300+ MB & c) game updates = 2 GB (depends with new updates).3. Steam updates itself automatically. Before downloading the game completely don't ever restart Steam if it asks to apply new client update. Else Steam will not recognise your incomplete download & starts from beginning by overwriting the files.4. Download your game in the default folder chosen by Steam client else you will have problems updating & backing up your game.5. Launch the game once while online to complete your activation. After that go to Steam>Go Offline. Now you can play the game offline.6. Create a copy of your game by going to Steam>Backup and Restore Games. Choose your game, destination folder which should not be in your OS partition, file size(CD/DVD but DVD preferably. If you're an advanced user you can try custom) & follow the instructions. Now you wouldn't require to download your game again. Or copy entire 'steamapps' folder if you want to retain all game updates offline.7. Game can be reinstalled by going to Steam>Backup and Restore Games. Follow the instructions. Or copy/ replace entire 'steamapps' folder back into Steam folder with your copied 'steamapps'.8. There is also a way to create offline Steam client installer. Refer the net.
