MGSV is, hands down, the best of the franchise gameplay wise, and a contender for best game all around as well.TPP takes a departure from previous titles (bar Peace Walker) in the sense that is no longer a linear, cutscene-plagued game. Cutscenes are less prominent than in previous games (except for the prologue, but it's expected for the introduction to ANY game to have plenty of cutscenes anyway), and missions are split. This means, no longer games where a single score was given to the whole playthrough. Each mission has it's individual score, and they can be redone if you're not sastified with the result, albeit with a reward reduction (half the GMP [money] reward).Main missions have the mandatory objectives to fulfill, and then hidden ones which are optional to complete but add up (either by score, or with personeel/gear). The game grants you total freedom on how to complete them. If the mission says "Eliminate x target", you can fulton him and it'll be fine (as a matter of fact, fultoning is preferrable to killing, as the targets are, more often than not, proficient at their job).Then you have side ops. These are missions which don't need to be completed to advance through the storyline, but whose rewards are so great that, in some cases, it's basically impossible to progress without doing them. Also, there are some side ops (tagged in yellow) which are still a must do anyway. Side ops are, imo, way more enjoyable than the main missions, since you have no scoring whatsoever for them, and you can do them the way you want without being punished.In terms of freedom, MGSV is a game which, albeit rewarding stealth over action, still allows you go guns blazing and get an S score anyway (happened to me so many times). You can also just explore the vast Afghan world (not to spoil anything, there's more to explore than just Afghanistan), and take on outposts and main bases for new recruits, diamonds (GMP source), vehicles, and resources to build up your motherbase. Random events (sandstorms, rains, etc) will make it easier to infiltrate, but also harder to spot the enemy if you haven't done that beforehand (you can scout enemy positions with your binocs).This game has more two unique features, when compared to previous titles; Motherbase, and buddies. While Motherbase isn't precisely a new one (already present in Peace Walker), here it's been reworked extensively. GMP is no longer obtained from recruits, but from sending them to Outer Ops, finding diamons, and doing Side Ops and Main Missions. It won't expand on it's own either; you need to order the construction of new facilities for it to expand, and such demands time, GMP, and resources. Unlike PW, you can also visit your MP, which is actually required because if you're away for too long, your soldiers will miss you and eventually fight amongst each other. While not mandatory to go back, some game events force you do it. You'll want to go anyway for allowing certain things to happen (there's a Main Mission which requires you to go back actually).Then, you have the buddy system. Basically, it's a companion which you can bring with you to combat. Only one is avaliable from start, with others being obtainable from certain events (if you don't do them, then you won't get them). They play a big role in helping you, so it's advisable to recruit all of them if possible.For story telling, the game largely reduced the cutscenes and replaced the info delivery with cassette tapes (also getting rid of the CODEC this way). I find this to be a god sent as you can listen to the tapes when exploring the world or just wandering around your base, meaning that no time is lost.All things considered (with my 30 hours worth of playing so far), this is my final score and pros-cons:Pros:Excellent Gameplay.Great Story (and it's delivery system. Not an overburden of cutscenes).Unparalleled customization capability for a MGS game.Open world, non-linear experience, with results in basically being different for each player.Mother base building (I love management, can be a con. Not too bothersome, just a two-minute browsing every now and then. You can do it while riding your chopper).Cons:Staff morale mechanics (you have to go and see EVERY SINGLE SOLDIER to raise their morale. When your base gets big, there's no point in doing it. The penalty isn't that bad either way).Shower isn't really needed to clean the blood. Just change your outfit and you're set. If the blood and it's cons were intended as a way to make you go back to MB, then it failed miserably.
