Platform for Display: PC|Edition: Standard|Verified PurchaseSHOULD YOU BUY THE GAME NOW?I buy tons od new Games from amazon or flipkart (rarely from flipkart) so if you think to buy this now or a few days from today I would say that would be like wasting money because it is an totally online based game which means even if you play any mission on normal mode (there is no easy mode) , It would require atleast three players and day by day people are not leaving it Why? Because it was launched on 8 march and today is 20th May which is not bad I can still get many players to roam about with but According to me or as I know people wouldn't even play this after a few weeks.WHAT ARE THE FRIGGIN' PROBLEMS I HAVE TO GET THROUGH TO PLAY THE GAME?First an Internet of 512 KBPS Speed would be better not 512 Kbps there is a huge difference between that Big "B" and Small "b" If you know the difference b/w bits and bytes.... You got it.Installation requires an UPlay account you will be able to set it up later and the app UPLAY will be in the CD .After you are all done installing from 5 DISKS Don't forget there is 4GB Update waiting for you as for me it took several minutes but you do need a really good internet connection to play this game.WHAT SHOULD I DO ? SHALL I BUY IT?Depends upon if you like to play this now because dude... It's never too late and free updates are also coming one is on the way to be released on 24th may .... Which means more people are going to come online . Story is not much like as expected. .. I was disappointed alot but DARK ZONE ♡ didn't so another reason I play it today also is the humongous Dangerous Dark Zone .If You guys liked my small review Like it and rare it If you guys dislike it then.... go KILL YOURSELF! Just kidding.... Dislike it! It might be helpful gor you guys and sorry that I've ruin your day by writing this review but it's the truth.Ubisoft still did a great job making this game because it's very unique ,Combat is good and if you have already ordered it don't cancel it you're just lucky that you found my reviewGraphics 9/10Story 7/10Combat and perks 9/10Dark Zone 10/10 DangerousGame bugs 8/10And PC hackers in game 10/10
